feat(docs): rework docs landing page + product OS (#17638)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/start-here/setup.mdx

---
title: Set up self-driving
sidebarTitle: Set up self-driving
sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
---

import { CallToAction } from 'components/CallToAction'
import WizardCommand from 'components/WizardCommand'

<CalloutBox icon="IconInfo" title="Open beta" type="fyi">

Self-driving is currently in open beta.

</CalloutBox>

Turning on self-driving means connecting the data sources, repositories, and agents that let PostHog ship work for you. It builds on a PostHog project that's already capturing events, so we start there. Most teams are set up in a few minutes.

<CalloutBox icon="IconInfo" title="Before you start" type="fyi">

> You'll need PostHog installed and capturing events, a GitHub repository you want agents to work in, and permission to add an app to your Slack workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need PostHog installed and capturing events and a GitHub repository you want agents to work in.
```

The slack app isn't a hard requirement, it's just something that we'll push as a good interface for interacting with your inbox

</CalloutBox>

<Steps>

<Step title="Install PostHog" badge="required">

> To set up self-driving, you first need to install PostHog and have it capturing events. The fastest way is the standard setup wizard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up self-driving, you first need to install PostHog and have it capturing events. The fastest way is to use our setup wizard which does the work for you:
```

<WizardCommand />

If you already have PostHog installed and capturing events, skip ahead. Prefer to set up manually? Follow the [install guide](/docs/getting-started/install).

<CalloutBox icon="IconInfo" title="AI data processing required" type="fyi">

Self-driving relies on AI, so your organization needs [AI data processing turned on](/docs/posthog-ai/allow-access). The wizard checks this and tells you how to enable it if it's off.

</CalloutBox>

</Step>

<Step title="Run the self-driving setup" badge="required">

On your onboarded project, the self-driving setup enables your signal sources, sets up your scouts, and hands you a link to your inbox.

> <WizardCommand command="self-driving" />

Reviewer: It feels odd in this page that I need to run both commands, I think this is fine for for now since we're targeting initial PostHog users at first, but we'll want to merge the self-driving flow and wizard flow into one later in the quarter

Author: agreed - it's a bit clunky to run both. there should be a smoother hand off between wizard onboarding straight into self-driving

> The signal sources it can turn on include [error tracking](/docs/error-tracking), [session replay](/docs/session-replay), and external sources like Zendesk, GitHub Issues, and Linear. The more you enable, the more your scouts have to watch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The signal sources it can turn on include [error tracking](/docs/error-tracking), [session replay](/docs/session-replay), and external sources like Zendesk, GitHub Issues, and Linear. The more you enable, the more PostHog can watch to make your product self-driving.
```

</Step>

<Step title="Connect Slack" badge="recommended">

> Add the [PostHog Slack app](/docs/slack) so you can summon agents and review their work from your team's channels. You connect your Slack workspace once, and each teammate who wants to ship a pull request connects their own GitHub.

Reviewer: we can also mention notifications here for new reports, that get posted in the `#posthog-inbox` channel
